Listen up, Noble Team. We're looking at a downed relay outpost fifty klicks from Visegrad.
We're gonna introduce ourselves to whoever took it out and then Kat's gonna get it back online.
Just get me under the hood, Commander.
Sir, why would rebels want to cut off Reach from the rest of the colonies?
You get a chance, maybe you can ask 'em, Jorge.
Commander, we just lost our signal with HQ.
Backup channels?
Searching...
Nada. Can't say what's jamming us.
You heard her: deadzone confirmed. Command will notbe keeping us company this trip.
I'm lonely already.
Shootdown attempts are likely, so keep your distance.
Yes, sir.
Let's stay focused. Watch your sectors.
There's the communications outpost.
Picking up a distress beacon.
Could be the missing troopers. Let's check it out.
Put us down on the bluff.
Jun, I want your eyes in the sky.
Sir.
Let's go, Six.
All right, Noble Team. Spread out. Watch the approach.
Structure point three-four, looks clear from this angle.
[Emile's energy shield breaks]
Distress beacon's coming from due south of you, Commander. We're close.
Roger that. Eyes peeled.
Found the beacon.
Make out any ID?
Negative, but it's military.
So where are the troopers?
There's a lot of blood on the ground.
Why are we not seeing explosives residue?
Noble 3, can you confirm any EX residue in the area?
Hmm... Negative, sir.
Plasma, maybe?
Can't be. Not on Reach.
All right, Noble, looks like there's nothin' here. Let's move on.
Smoke at the next structure, boss.
Circle west and check it out. Noble Team, you have permission to engage, but be selective. We don't need to telegraph our presence.
Noble Six, move into the house. Go in quiet. I'm right behind you.
Noble Leader, I'm seeing heat sigs in the structure ahead.
Én nem csináltam semmit!
[Hungarian] I didn't do anything!
Move!On your knees, now!
Ne lőjön! Ne lőjön!
[Hungarian] Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
They're not rebels. They're farmers. Look at them.
Ask them what they're doing here.
Mit kerestek itt?
[Hungarian] What are you doing here?
Csak nem akartunk meghalni.
[Hungarian] We just didn't want to die.
Hiding, sir.
[Hungarian]
Neighbors were attacked last night. He heard screams, gunfire. It stopped around sunrise.
Valami megölte a fiamat.
[Hungarian] Something killed my son.
Says something in the fields... killed his son.
"Something?"
Commander, be advised: I'm reading heat signatures in that structure directly east of your position, over.
Copy that. [to Jorge:] Get them back inside.
Azt mondtam, befelé!
[Hungarian] I said get in! Get in!
Noble Team, double-time it!
Damn...
Fill me in, Commander. What are you seeing? Over.
We have military casualties — two of the missing troopers. Looks like they were interrogated. It's messy...
[heavy footsteps on metal, and animalistic growling, from above]
Movement. Watch your motion trackers.
What the hell was that?
Jun, you see anything?
Negative. Thermal's clean.
Boss! I see movement, outside your structure!
Noble 2, move up to the west! We're about to be flanked.
Huh?
Damn it!
Covenant!
[howling]
Contact! Contact! Spartans, assist!
Here we go.
They're headed into the basement. Move down to the lower levels.
Contact.
Outstanding.
Banshees. Heads up, Charlie 1!
[to Covenant] You like that?
Banshee!
Good shot.
We're clear.
Noble Leader, enemy dropships inbound!
Falcon moving to assist.
[Banshee exploding, off-screen to the right]
There it is!
So kill it!
Enemy transport inbound!
[pained groan]
Hostiles still in hiding.
Outstanding!
I'm under fire!
Heads up: you've got trouble!
We're clear.
Stand down, Noble, stand down. Contacts neutralized.
"Contacts?" It's the damn Covenant!
Cheer up, big man. This whole valley just turned into a free fire zone.
Kat, we've gotta warn Holland. I need you at that relay outpost now.
Boss, I'm showing more activity to the east.
Copy that, Jun. We're on it. Six, you've got point.